Chibuike 19/add ai engineer content (#7349)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/ai-engineer/content/ai-code-editors@XcKeQfpTA5ITgdX51I4y-.md

# AI Code Editors

AI code editors are development tools that leverage artificial intelligence to assist software developers in writing, debugging, and optimizing code. These editors go beyond traditional syntax highlighting and code completion by incorporating machine learning models, natural language processing, and data analysis to understand code context, generate suggestions, and even automate portions of the software development process.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@website@Cursor - The AI Code Editor](https://www.cursor.com/)
- [@website@Bolt - Prompt, run, edit, and deploy full-stack web apps](https://bolt.new)
- [@website@Replit - Build Apps using AI](https://replit.com/ai)

> - [@website@v0 - Build Apps with AI](https://v0.dev)

Reviewer: "website" is not a tag, use "official".

Bolt and v0 are also not AI Code Editors.

Reviewer 2: `website` [_is_ a valid tag](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/blob/master/src/components/CustomRoadmap/CustomRoadmap.tsx#L11)

> # AI Code Editors
> 
> AI code editors, also known as AI-powered Integrated Development Environments (IDEs), are advanced development tools that leverage artificial intelligence to assist software developers in writing, debugging, and optimizing code. These editors go beyond traditional syntax highlighting and code completion by incorporating machine learning models, natural language processing, and data analysis to understand code context, generate suggestions, and even automate portions of the software development process.
> 
> Visit the following resources to learn more:
> 
> -[@article@Software Development with AI-Powered Code Editors](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/software-development-ai-powered-code-editors)
> -[@article@Build an AI code assistant with Pipet Code Agent](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/tutorials/pipet-code-agent)

Reviewer 2: It doesn't have to be learning resources always. In such cases, it can be examples.

```suggestion
# AI Code Editors

AI code editors are development tools that leverage artificial intelligence to assist software developers in writing, debugging, and optimizing code. These editors go beyond traditional syntax highlighting and code completion by incorporating machine learning models, natural language processing, and data analysis to understand code context, generate suggestions, and even automate portions of the software development process.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@website@Cursor - The AI Code Editor](https://www.cursor.com/)
- [@website@Bolt - Prompt, run, edit, and deploy full-stack web apps](https://bolt.new)
- [@website@Replit - Build Apps using AI](https://replit.com/ai)
- [@website@v0 - Build Apps with AI](https://v0.dev)
```
